make the getting started page far less condescending (#116)
QuiltMC/developer-wiki: wiki/introduction/getting-started/en.md

Open source repositories are there for you to learn from and use, don't be afraid of
them!

> There are many topics in modding where you may quickly find there are many topics in modding lacking relevant tutorials. In those cases you may have to read the relevant Minecraft code, or look at other mods and see how they implemented similar ideas, methods or solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many topics in modding lacking relevant tutorials. In those cases you may have to read the relevant Minecraft code, or look at other mods and see how they implemented similar ideas, methods or solutions. Don't be afraid to ask for help with understanding how Minecraft's systems work!
```
